well groups is just about done it is the
final day here and I'm joined
unfortunately by someone who didn't move
on coverage presented by mobile Enix
Weldon from g2 both the other EU teams
made it you guys being first seed
somehow did not what happened oh we're
going we're going straight into the meat
of it okay
well say that I just ask silly questions
three games and then we got eliminated
whoa but you guys played six yeah we won
three games - okay so you went even and
that just didn't work yeah I mean last
year was enough to tie for first and
this year it was enough to get third
yeah so I mean going into more of the
specifics what do you think it is that
g2 was unable to make out because
theoretically you guys are the stronger
team compared to the other two you teams
does it just come down to groups or was
there other factors that play for g2
here at Worlds
I mean I think this is the strongest
we've been all year and I think that
this was the most maybe the most
consistent we've been to and I think we
had the strongest grasp on the meta and
teamwork and our training was fantastic
so I mean it just has to has to come
down to strengths of the teams and and
performance yeah for be pulling out
performance when you really need to pull
out performance which of course is also
part of part of high performance it's
being able to do it on the day that it
is necessary to do so I think in this
case it's just we lost to Samsung and we
lost to RNG but going back to the groups
if g2 had fanatics group or g2 had
misfits group would G to be moving on
right now and if so is that frustrating
to you I mean yes we would have
massacred them and it's kind of
frustrating but not really because the
goal of a tournament is to win it and if
you are not gonna be the strongest team
then you know you I mean we know that
now if so I mean yeah there's the
question of like are you better at a
best-of-five or a better - best of one
what if you get a soft group four best
of ones and you get to the best of five
stages and you're better at adapting but
personally I would rather be the team
that's able to crush invest of one's and
invest of fives
so I'm okay with losing if I continue to
improve
and I think that the player players are
okay with losing if they have something
to hope for and something to improve on
something to aim for yeah of course it's
frustrating it took it takes years to
recover from devastating losses like
this when you sacrifice a whole year of
your life for like a single-minded
purpose but but I don't think that like
a soft group was any sort of enticing
desire that pro players have yeah now
what do you think are the West's rest of
the West's chances here our worlds as
we're talking about it cloud nine
starting to get through and their group
but we know of course that the other teu
teams are moving on unfortunately no na
teams looking at sort of the other guys
do you see anybody escaping
quarterfinals well I mean I think
misfits is doing incredibly in the
bootcamp like they just seem to be
progressing and progressing I saw them
just last week on stage doing something
that I'd never seen them do you know on
stage before and they just did it
fluidly and automatically and so I think
that they're learning a lot from their
environment and I think that fnatic is
is really gelling I think that they're
learning you know I think that the
training partners here really make you
show up and so if you if you go and you
and you you know you you screaming it's
a really strong opponent and you're
losing like four games in a row
it really makes you have an identity
crisis and solve a problem in your team
that day and so I think that's good for
for these teams and I have no idea what
sort of metamorphosis they're gonna go
through the next few weeks of course I'm
gonna be cheering for them and hoping
that they that they advance yeah what
was this worlds like compared to your
previous one are you more proud of this
year's worlds or how do you you know
just kind of generally comparing the two
experiences what really like for you so
if we're talking about the team like TSM
vs. G - of course I'm incredibly proud
of both worlds if we're talking about
myself I think that I learned a lot last
worlds that I was able to apply this
world so I'm more proud of like my own
actions in this world because of what I
was able to I feel like contribute and
last year I feel like I was able to
identify places where I dropped the ball
and yeah and and and the same this year
of course you know I'm learning more and
hopefully I can improve next year again
so yeah of course this year
you know I'm happier with what I was
able to do but as far as the team goes I
think last year we pulled out a stellar
performance as well I think tying for
first in the same group
you know it's arguably a better result
than what we had this year but it's just
last year they were really really strong
yeah I don't think that SSG lost a
single game from week one to the finals
so this year we'll see if they do a
repeat of that that's that's a
commitment that they gave you know until
they until orangey dumpster them so we
talked about GT we talked about Europe
have to ask about TSM because I know I
saw you yesterday and you were as
frustrated about the TSM's losses I'm
sure a lot of North American fans myself
included what do you think went wrong do
you have any idea like because you
worked with these guys previously right
and this is actually the same lineup as
you worked with previously so what is
your take on sort of the TSM situations
that we saw this er worlds well I mean
obviously I love these boys and I can't
I can't speak to things that that like I
think shouldn't be said maybe in public
but I I I think that it it seemed like
they were just under a lot of pressure
this year I mean I didn't like kind of
like the style of play that they had it
looked like there was no joy in it and
it felt like they were just striving
purely for to fulfill somebody else's
they were playing for the fans and for
na they weren't playing for themselves
if you know what I mean and like when
you lose touch of like the reason that
you're playing when you when you pay
like everything out in terms of blood
for like the people that you're trying
to represent then you can lose a lot of
the joy and if you look at like how you
teams play versus how na teams play you
see a lot more like joy I would say in
their playstyle and I think that's that
we need to find a way in North America
to like bring that back and I think that
it's an organizational and a fan based
thing that we just like as fans need to
have a lot more fun with enjoying League
of Legends and and watching it and like
being crappy and that's fine you know
and being like huh okay well maybe we
can do it this year you know and that
will give our teams more freedom to just
like take it not take it less seriously
but to take it more joyfully and maybe
that will allow them to unlock like you
know less fearful playstyles who's got
photobombed by the Chinese China PD I
don't know if you saw that there was a
sick of March behind it was pretty good
yeah I mean sort of what you're talking
about reminds me about some of the
conversation I've seen some of the fans
have posited this idea that like TSM was
overhyped
and not just overhyped in the typical
sense of like oh people are over
following them or saying that they are
too good but actually that the hype
around this team the analyst and maybe
within the team themselves everybody
this kind of had some sort of like
ephemeral effect on the team at either
somehow curse them or jinx them or even
mentally like had some sort of effect on
them where the the pressure and like the
height actually damages them is that
kind of what you're getting at with when
you speak to just sort of the pressure
they were under and playing for the fans
yeah I think so and I thought last year
that I was able to shelter us from that
hype and be really practical like one
foot in front of the other and not
over Alice so like while there was all
of this conversation out and the ether
about it I felt like in the team we were
we were really practical we like these
people are strong opponents and and then
we you know they were good and we lost
to them and they were better than us and
it was really like it didn't feel at all
like there was any choking and didn't
feel like there was pressure afterwards
I think that maybe like I was a little
bit wrong in my analysis maybe some of
the players like we're hyping themselves
up internally and we didn't know you
know but but I think that like I don't
know what the state and the team is this
year and I know that there's always a
lot of pressure when you're on TSM to
show up for the sake of North America
and the sake of the brand and the sake
of the fans and I think that that's the
pressure I'm referring to and that all
originates from like you know how how we
treat the victories that they do have as
a club is kind of like the status quo
now and just expects you know like it's
like it's like myth he was telling me
who's the g2 support he was saying you
know I mean it's like I've never he's
never missed a worlds and for him it's
just a given he's like God if I miss the
world's I don't know what I would do you
know retire or something because because
like for him it's just like a like a
default definition now but it's actually
really hard to get here like
it's really just ask all of the pros
sitting at home watching this event you
know it's actually incredibly difficult
to be one of the best 16 in the world
and so I think that like when you get to
the point where that you don't even
think about that achievement then maybe
you can't tap into the strength that got
you to that point that is gonna lift you
up to the next level
sure so what you're saying is if we just
take this TSM roster and then we move it
to Team Liquid or there's no hopes and
their expectations or anything they'll
have no pressure
it'll just be anything they do will be
great then we'll be good right actly
like double if during relegations just
like I can pick whatever I want I can
like just yellow flash in and it's
totally fine because you know I'm on I'm
on medication yes exactly so there we go
that's the secret if we just get the TSM
roster on Team Liquid and they can win
worlds through the power of Team Liquid
slow expectations I really think if we
convert the best of ones and we make
North America more like the WWE you know
and just have a lot more like
entertainment
maybe we'll get you know some
personalities like I'm a cutie pie back
in the in the pros fear and he'll be
able to take on the Koreans yeah we'll
see we'll see for sure I mean if if
there's no relegation you can bring I'm
a cutie pie cuz you're gonna lose your
team so just I mean of course what am i
speaking I'm a cutie pie you can bring
him in because of course he'll get first
place cause he's the best ad carry North
America has ever known maybe the world
anyway Weldon is there anything you
would like to say to any of the fans
thank you for supporting g2 army all
year long and I hope that you continue
to support us in the off season by like
supporting the teams that we crushed in
the European finals and hoping that they
go far to represent us and look for us
again next year yeah very good well
thank you so much for the interview for
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things worlds right here
on my youtube channel I want to thank
you all so much for the kind words and
support about my videos here in China
I've been trying to put out a ton of
great stuff and you know what it
wouldn't be possible if it wasn't for my
sponsor mobile it excited at Lee Legends
by identifying your personal strengths
and weaknesses and you can actually
check them out over at mobile excit
slash Travis they're also running a
great giveaway that's in the description
of this video so feel free to check them
out